# kabusapi-client
Duplicate java-client-generated in kabusapi_swagger so that a minimum of automated tests can work.

## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

## Getting Started

See original site for detailed documentation.

[kabusapi_swagger/java-client-generated](https://github.com/hiuchida/kabusapi_swagger/tree/main/java-client-generated)

## The differences from the original source

### Migration from ThreeTen Backport to java standard Date and Time API

Swagger used ThreeTen Backport (org.threeten.bp), but changed to java standard Date and Time API (java.time).

### Change InlineResponse200 to RankingDefaultResponse in Ranking API

InlineResponse200 interface was changed to RankingDefaultResponse class in order to make the JUnit automatic testing of the ranking API work in the interim.

Originally, InlineResponse200 interface was designed to represent classes of RankingDefaultResponse, RankingByTickCountResponse, RankingByTradeVolumeResponse, RankingByTradeValueResponse RankingByTickCountResponse, RankingByTradeVolumeResponse, RankingByTradeValueResponse, RankingByMarginResponse, and RankingByCategoryResponse, but the source generated by Swagger does not support them.

### Add Javax Annotation API to pom.xml

Added Javax Annotation API since it is not build with the latest JDK.

### Fix errors for Missing the required parameter 'XXX'.

Fixes to avoid client-side validation errors in JUnit automated tests.

### Fix errors for Field error in object 'XXX' on field 'YYY' rejected value [null].

Fixes to avoid server-side validation errors in JUnit automated tests.
